no way a 14 of the three keys to a perfect memory.
Okay,
guys,
unwelcome back.
Developing a perfect memory is not a matter of trying harder.
In fact,
trying harder is the last thing we should be doing.
It's counterproductive if what we're doing isn't working.
Doing more of the same isn't gonna make it any better.
Einstein had the clever quote about that now trying harder and not progressing just leads
to frustration.
And being frustrated is not the best state to be in.
If you want to learn,
something will get into what the best state is in here to get into it instantly a little
later.
Instead,
it's a matter of trying something different.
In the last lecture,
we learned that our capacity for memories almost limitless.
What we need is a better way to recall information.
And the key to that lies in how we go about storing the information in the first place.
There's some things and naturally memorable to everyone and some things and naturally
memorable tow us as individuals.
Let's take a look at a very simple example.
Your bank has just issued you a new A T M card in a few days later,
your pin comes through the post.
Now you can change it.
But the one they've given you is 007 Is there anything you can think of immediately that
would lead you to remember that number?
Quite possibly the most people would instantly associate double.
07 With James Bond on you need to do now is remember,
toe tag an extra zero at the front and you've got it.
And you've probably got it for life now.
Why?
If you open the envelope and your number is 32 32?
Well,
that may be more difficult for a lot of people,
but probably not.
If you live at number 32 then it's just a case of knowing your house number,
which you already do,
and then typing it in twice.
Now,
Back in the eighties,
a friend of mine asked me to get some money out of the A T.
M for him.
He gave me his card,
he told me,
his pen very trusting.
It was over 30 years ago,
but I still know what that number waas 3618 e even told me how he remembered it on when he
told me that it was impossible for me to forget.
So just by looking at that number is that anything you notice that would make it memorable
to you.
If it doesn't jump out at you immediately,
try space and the numbers out differently.
How about three on six and 18?
It's simple when you see it.
Three multiplied by six equals 18.
As it turns out,
my body lived at number three,
so I had the first digit instantly.
He was also one of six Children on.
The rest was just math.
Now,
if you look for a connection,
you can sometimes find one,
even if it's a tenuous one.
If you can't find one,
you can make one.
So you may be wondering by now what the secrets of developing a perfect memory is.
Well,
here it is.
Association,
location,
imagination.
It's even easier to memorize them.
Using the acronym Ali Mohammed Ali was the greatest,
and your memory will be great when you apply them,
and there is 1/4 practice.
But that would give us Al IP,
which,
although it's funnier,
is not quite so memorable.
Oh,
maybe will remember it because it's funny anyway,
in the next lecture will take a look at the first key to a perfect memory association.
I'll see you in the next lecture.